#TITLE

Customer Stories

Brands from all over the world use our business software
solutions to engage, connect and collaborate

#CONTENT

Our business software solutions help customers from all over the world, connect, engage and collaborate with their people. No matter the sector you work in, we’ve got a solution that will work for you. Have a look at some of our satisfied customers and read their Oak success stories below, and contact us if you want to see how Oak can work for you.

Book a demo



#Testimonies

 Hear what our customers have to say

 #box1

 After looking at a way to transform the way they communicated with their 32,000 workforce, Aldi partnered with Oak to create MyAldi. A mobile-first platform designed to engage and connect their large store-based workforce without access to a desktop.

Read more about Aldi

#box2

Halfords Autocentres needed a modern and intuitive platform to connect with their employees. With the help of Oak, Halfords developed a digital workplace that was up and running within weeks, and has enabled them to have a consistent method of communication.

Read more about Halfords

#box3
With a large global workforce, OEC needed to communicate with all their employees quickly and efficiently. With Oak, OEC saw increased engagement in all their offices and they can now share and manage documents in one area that all employees can access.

Read more about OEC

#box 4

Widely recognised as the UK’s leading Oriental grocer, Wing Yip needed a solution which was available and accessible their entire workforce, not just their desk-based workers. We helped them set up a successful digital network that could be accessed by everyone.

Read more about Wing Yip 

#box 5

With a workforce made up of 1400 people, Serverfield, the largest structural steel specialist in the UK, needed to replace their outdated Sharepoint intranet with a solution to keep their staff engaged and stay connected to their remote workers.

Read more about Severfield 

#box6

“The platform has meant that all communications have gone out reliably and well received, and it has just basically been brilliant! Oak’s been really helpful to us and it’s really proving itself as a tool which is helping us succeed.”


